SWC, an SCM Project by Batch 206(SDP 2) - KL University

Hello, Connections! (^=^)

I, Bhavya Charitha Vurutha, am super glad to have published my first article on LinkedIn (>ᴗ<) and am equally happy to share with you, the insights and knowledge gained during the SDP 2.

My Team Members include:

Lankalapalli Reshma Sree

Ammanabrolu Bhuvana Srija

As a batch of three, we have chosen the business group - Supply Chain Management.

Prior to letting you all know of our motive and mechanism behind the SWC - Share With Care, I would like to give you a brief introduction on what actually is SCM - Supply Chain Management, and then shall we dig a little deeper.

Aspects included in the Article:

1.Introduction to SCM

What is it?
Why is it Important?
2.Stages of SCM

3.Introduction to SWC

Our Motive behind this Project
4.Users

List of various Users
User Scenarios
User Personas
5.Album 1 - Interaction with the users

In-person interviews
Surveys conducted online
6.Customer Journey Map

7.Empathy Map

8.Affinity Diagram

9.Album 2 - Interaction with the SCM Manager

10.Data Analysis

What is Supply Chain Management System?

Supply chain management (SCM) is the active management of supply chain activities to maximize customer value and achieve sustainable competitive advantage. It represents a conscious effort by the supply chain firms to develop and run supply chains in the most effective & efficient ways possible. Supply chain activities cover everything from product development, sourcing, production, and logistics, as well as the information systems needed to coordinate these activities.

Why is supply chain management important?

Effective supply chain management systems minimize cost, waste, and time in the production cycle.

By analyzing partner data, the CIO.com post identifies three scenarios where effective supply chain management increases the value to the supply chain cycle:

Identifying potential problems. 
Optimizing price dynamically. 
Improving the allocation of “available to promise” inventory. 
At their most basic, the key steps in a supply chain include:

• Original sourcing or extraction of raw materials

• Refining or manufacturing materials into basic parts

• Assembling basic parts into finished products

• Selling finished products to end-users

• Delivering finished products to end-users or consumers


Who are the users in an SCM System?

The primary users of the Supply Chain Management (SCM) system include customers, resellers, partners, suppliers, and distributors.

User Scenarios:

1.As a Supply Chain Business Analyst, I would like to examine your company’s workflow and come up with creative ways to streamline its business processes.
2. As an Inventory Control Administrator, I would like to ensure that inventory systems’ data is accurate with physical inventory, troubleshoot discrepancies, discover root causes and interact with everyone related to this inventory. 
3. As a Purchasing Specialist, I would like to work out deals with suppliers and compare bids to minimize costs across the supply chain.
4. As a Procurement Manager, I would like to research, evaluate, and purchase large quantities of products for companies to resell or use in operations. 
5.As an Operations Analyst, I would like to evaluate, report on, and improve the management of activities that generate recurring revenue for your organization, i.e. its core competencies.
6. As a Material Planning Manager, I would like to plan, monitor, and manage products and the materials required to make them in your organization’s manufacturing operations. 
7.As a Logistics Analyst, I would like to evaluate and report on the transportation of goods and services up and down your organization’s supply chain, ensuring that everything gets where it needs to go and when it needs to get there.
8.As a user, I want to view a list of products so I can select some to purchase
9.As a user, I want to review my cart so I can make adjustments prior to checkout
10.As a user, I want to check out so I can get my products shipped to me
11.As a user, I want to review my orders so I can see what I’ve purchased in the past

﻿Album 1 - Interaction with the users

In-person interviews
Surveys conducted online

Customer Journey Map:

What is Supply Chain Journey Mapping?

Supply Chain journey mapping is a human-centered design methodology that allows you to look at your supply chain from your customers’ perspective and is equally applicable whether you operate in a B2B or B2C environment. The objective is to deliver a better customer experience to improve retention and profitability.
ll customers interact, both directly and indirectly, with people and things (such as products, processes, and technology) over the course of their interaction with a company/organization/brand, and supply chains have a major influence here.

Affinity Diagram

An Affinity Diagram is an analytical tool used to organize many ideas into subgroups with common themes or common relationships. 

By organizing the ideas into “affinity groups,” it is much easier to visualize the commonality and plan for and address the challenges to the Six Sigma approach.


